Tensorflow ML5 and Python Panda and Flask are supposed to be teaming each

RealXin AI Images of the House and Description (Optinoal) to Floor Plan Based by the Images and Clues from it.
Required Languages (HTML)(CSS)(JavaScript)(Python)
Required Libaries (Panda)(TensorFlow)(ML5)(Flask)
AI info -  Home Floorplan Maker Legendary AI Skill Smart Trained  Floorplan House Cracker based by House images and Description told.

Structure Site (HTML JS)
Upload Files no file chosen is the First Element Text Area is the Second the Canvas that will Display Images and Can be deleted by pressing the Delete button while hovering at the Image and has another canvas that Shows the SVG Images result with Buttons Zoom In Zoom Out Download Next and Preview buttons (Only shows the Results and Image tools after Attempting to Make the Floorplans from House images and description when Pressed start Cracking Button)
Image Limits (HTML and JS)
this allowes 40 images maximum uploaded in files. you can move then or elete them in the Canvas that shows all images. Once the Start Cracking is triggered it hides this and can not be acsessed until its done

AI School (JS and Python)
This AI and ither AI students and Teachers Will allow Every Interact acsess and direct acsess to edit the Images uploaded or View them Correctly in ORder to make the floorplan assume valid

Tools and Looks (JS and Python)
It will result and print the floorplan Images as the Old Arcetict Layout white and Black with Vector drawings. This will turn out to be a DVG Image instead of PNG. which is Downloadable still. Only using White SVG background and Black lines for Strokes and Pictured

Text Format (JS and Python)
While on SVG Creation it Will add text based on which room is which. This does add the non-Living spaces but It will not be added the Measurents Though. Also when SVG Makes the Floorplan It Wont be able to add the Objects except Arcitect objects like Stairs windows doors and Attached Walls

Its Limites (JS and Python)
The AI Can not draw the Objects Like Couch Tables etc. But it CAN Do objects Unfirnished Way which still means it can still draw thr Kitchen Stairs Doors Windows Stairs and Bathrooms

Pretty Trusty (CSS)
It has a Dark Blueish Cosmic Style colors using it like its the Future with Elements HTML being a Color of Space and Galaxy Colors Mixed eachother with Stylish bordering.

SVG the Vector it Goes (JS and Python)
The Floorplan Images will turn out to be SVG Images instead of PNG for the Canvas of Results. If it was a Error or a Fail thi Shows the Text (Generation Error) Colored red and with Pink Box Background. Disabling the Image Options.

Image Options (HTML CSS and JS)
If the Generation of All 8 floorplans were sucsussfull generated validly and such. those Tools and buttons shows including Download Zoom in Zoom Out Next and Preview. Reset Button always Shows if Even a Error also.

Reset (JavaScript)
If this Button is Pressed it Restarts this Site as Brand New. This Does not trigger Bot Verifying

Bot Verify Blocked (NOTE)
This Program Does Not allow Verify as a Human Page as this is a Nemisis thing for this Webpage since its free for all.
------ Script files Info -------------

Directory TensorFlow (JavaScript)
Install TensorFlow and Makes the Tools and The assignments for the Students 1 to 6 Each doing thier Teamwork to Crack the Floorplan assuming with giving the Proper tools and Using Network and Wi-Fi for Common Reasearch and Training

Teacher TensorFlow(JavaScript)
Installs TensorFlow and Takes charge on all Student files 1 to 6

Student 1 (TensorFlow)
Identifies all shapes and Recognized Objects or House elements found from the Images uploaded. This Also Works against Airel Views and House Model sides

Student 2 (TensorFlow)
If any Images is a Interrior of a House. It will Memorize it and Add to the List Until it finds a Similar or Same Object or thing in Other imterrior images. Which helps With connecting the floorplans

Student 3 (TensorFlow)
Reads the Description in Textarea. If no Description or Textarea was Used. It ignored it and will assume itself and Other 5 AT working with it this AI File Uses the Magic Block Remover Like plants blocking some of the House which will Magically Remove it Revealing its Assume on that part

Student 4 (TensorFlow)
For each Update report got from Student 1 2 and 3 This AI Makes the SVG Floorplans up to 8 Different floorplans can be created And will make the Floorplans that is extremley Similar based by the House images and Maybe if Description is Added also which can Help and be useful.

Student 5 (TensorFlow)
This AI Adds the Text to the Floorplan SVG Additinoaly With the Help of Student 4 helping this AI to Put where the Text should be. Although this will Label Non-Living Spaces (Garage Floor openings Voids and basement.) But might be Colored Blue or Red because those arent Really Living Spaces while the other Living Spaces Text are Colored black.

Student 6 (TensorFlow)
this AI Will either get the 8 SVG Images floorplan and Display it on HTML Showcase or it Will just show the Error that it wasnt Able to do it.

Principal (ML5)
In charge of All students 1 to 6 Files that is in the ML5 Class

Teacher (ML5)
Helps Train All 6 Student AI files thats in ML5 Class

Student 1 (ML5)
This See if the Description is Filled or Empty

Student 2 (ML5)
Blocks Profanity Words if Seen in Description and Translates words if they seem to be different Language spelling.

Student 3 (ML5)
Sends the Descrition to the TensorFlow Class which makes the Floorplan Cracks.

Student 4 (ML5)
Makes Memory Updated and Memory Updates if Something about this Project is Very Important

Stdent 5 (ML5) 
Waits for TensorFlow to finish Making 8 Floorplans of the Assumd Floorplan based from house and Description and Gets the Data URL from it So it can be as Downloadables

Student 6 (ML5)
If floorplans were sucsuss created from SVG Making This tells the Script.js to show those and be ready to download. If errored Countered this Writes a Text from the Canvas Result Error Generating. Marking this as Finished and Showing the Reset button.

SuperAttendent (TensorFlow) (ML5) (Python)
Trains ALL AI files and AI teachers Students and Directorys in All Files anywhere From Network and Wi-Fi Training

Student 1 (Python)
A Advanced helper for Student 1 ML5 and TensorFlow

Student 2 (Python)
A Advanced helper for Student 2 ML5 and TensorFlow

Student 3 (Python)
A Advanced helper for Student 3 ML5 and TensorFlow

Student 4 (Python)
A Advanced helper for Student 4 ML5 and TensorFlow

Student 5 (Python)
A Advanced helper for Student 5 ML5 and TensorFlow

Student 6 (Python)
A Advanced helper for Student 6 ML5 and TensorFlow